Add direct dashboard access button to changelog (#1863)
FlowFuse/website: src/changelog/2024/04/device-auto-snapshot.md

---
title: Direct Dashboard Access

> date: 2024-03-02 13:00:00.0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
date: 2024-03-06 13:00:00.0
```

authors: ["stephen-mclaughlin"]
tags:
    - changelog
---

> We have added quick access buttons to help you navigate to your shiny Dashboard in a single click.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We have added quick access buttons to help you navigate to your Dashboard 2.0 UI in a single click.
```
